docs(self-hosted experimental): simplify (#20901)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-experimental.md

## `RENOVATE_X_S3_ENDPOINT`

If set, Renovate will use this string as the `endpoint` when instantiating the AWS S3 client.

## `RENOVATE_X_S3_PATH_STYLE`

If set, Renovate will enable `forcePathStyle` when instantiating the AWS S3 client.

> Whether to force path style URLs for S3 objects (e.g., `https://s3.amazonaws.com//` instead of `https://.s3.amazonaws.com/`)

Source: [AWS S3 documentation - Interface BucketEndpointInputConfig](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-s3/interfaces/bucketendpointinputconfig.html)

## `RENOVATE_X_EXEC_GPID_HANDLE`

If set, Renovate will terminate the whole process group of a terminated child process spawned by Renovate.

## `RENOVATE_X_MATCH_PACKAGE_NAMES_MORE`

> If set, Renovate will try to match against `packageName` after trying `depName` when using `matchPackageNames` and `matchPackagePatterns` matchers.

Author: ```suggestion
If set, you'll get the following behavior.

When using `matchPackageNames` and `matchPackagePatterns` matchers:

1. Renovate first tries to match against `depName`
2. If `depName` doesn't match then Renovate tries to match against `packageName`
```

How about this? Please check if this is correct! 😉
